Really good stuff with no real price?
Good stuff good stuff
Oh, I said second brother.
Although you are poor
But still have some eyesight?
Nice
This is the Baicao Health Pill worth tens of millions.
For this
Xiao Ming and Humble
That's a lot of connections.
Just to honor you
Xiao Ming
You have a heart
Hey, dick
We're all out of gifts.
Why aren't you moving?
Shouldn't it be an empty-handed birthday celebration?
That can't be done, haha.
Dad needs to know that you love to drink
Brought you a bottle of wine
It's okay, I want to register your likes.
Go there
Uncle, what gift did you give?
This is Liuliangye
Oops, you give this as a cat, what's the difference?
Hahaha, I said second child.
If you mix like this, don't drink and lose weight
So as not to embarrass our father
Take this shit as a congratulatory gift
What are you trying to fight for him?
Uncle, it's really not easy for our family
This Liuliangye is the only one I can get my hands on
But my father's filial piety to his grandfather can be learned from the world
You use this sarcastic
How can you speak like a bitch?
If you really understand
I will not treat such unfaithful and unfilial goods
Bring it to the birthday banquet